[Docs] Many docs improvements (#2171)
dstackai/dstack: docs/docs/guides/server-deployment.md

[configure backends](../reference/server/config.yml.md).
The server loads this file on startup. 

> Alternatively, you can configure backends on the [project settings page](../guides/projects/#project-backends) via the control plane's UI.

Reviewer: Invalid link.

```suggestion
Alternatively, you can configure backends on the [project settings page](administration.md#project-backends) via the control plane's UI.
```
Btw, I'd expect mkdocs to fail on an invalid link. This should be revisited in #1603
